The table should be something that all players can see.

Whatever is on the table should be visible to all players to avoide confusion.
Also make the players cards not visible to others but the kind of modifier deck they use should be visible as well as their character



Card sys V1:
	0. (Tick down effect turn countdowns)
	1. Effect from the list are executed
	2. The player can tack on different modifiers that can have 2 types  ( value changer, effect ):
			value changer type -> when the Actual Card is placed with it the value of said Actual Card is modified by the modifier before placement
			effect type -> the modifier instead of getting put onto a card gets saved in the Play Pile's effect list. -> Here effects have a turn countdown and what they do ( idk yet how they do what they do)
							the counter of the effects tick down on every turn -> when a counter gets to 0 the effect is applied
	3. The player places down a player Actual Card that gets converted into a value on the Play Pile Stack's top and an effect in the Play Pile's effect list
	4. The player draws from the Draw Deck so that their hand is full.
	5. Next player's turn comes

	Components needed for the card sys :
		- dummy card : Is an object with 2 fields -> Contains a value and a rarity  ;; Can not be displayed in the world  DONE
		- actual card : Is a different class from the dummy card (AND does not extend it); Is diplayed in 3D space; Holds the properties of a given dummycard (Basically the visual extension of a Dummy card)   
		- draw deck : You can take a Dummy Card from this   DONE
		- static conversion class with 2 functions  1. Convert Dummy -> Actual card; 2. Convert Actual -> card value, effect
		
		- a player that : 1. Starts out with 4 cards drawn already from the Draw Deck
				and can : Put down a card onto the Play Pile
						  Draw a card from the Draw Deck to fill back up their hand  

		- play pile : That can take a player card and convert it into a value on the top of the stack and an effect
		
		Game manager: Spawn player with 1 <= N <= 4 cards already drawn form the play pile;
					  Apply the effect from the Play Pile's list;  Start a turn (Send the current player a signal);  Listen for the end of a turn signal from the current player
		
		
Peter Log #1 - (This shit aint getting finished today for sure, Im gonna worry about the modifier deck at a later point in time)
	
	
